(TRAIN WHISTLE BLOWING)
"What you seek is seeking you."
So, there's this thing called AvengerCon.
It's, like, the first fan event
celebrating our great heroes of our time
and it's totally historic,
and it's, like, very educational.
So you want to go to a party, at night?
It's not a party, it's a convention.
-How exactly will you be dressed?
-KAMALA: As Captain Marvel.
Huh?
-Captain Marvel. Captain Marvel.
-Captain Marvel. Astaghfirullah.
(CROWD CHEERING)
I'm 16.
Look, I promise
I won't do anything stupid.
Let's be honest.
It's not really the brown girls
from Jersey City who save the world.
I wish that you would just focus on you.
Your teachers, they're telling me
you're doodling all day,
staring off into space
in your little fantasy land.
Hey. Oh, really?
Who do you want to be in this world?
Do you want to be good...
-I'm Kamran.
-Kamala.
...or do you want to be
this cosmic head-in-the-clouds person?
Cosmic.
Whoo!
BRUNO: So it looks like your power
isn't coming from the bangle.
It's coming from within you.
Like the bangle
unlocked the superhuman part of you.
Someone help me! Please!
-It's Night Light.
-I've never seen powers like that.
(CROWD GASPING)
Yeah. Bring her in.
Search every temple,
community center and mosque.
Hold it right where you are!
-Get in!
-Kamran.
I'd like you to meet my mom.
I've been waiting
a very long time to meet you.
That bangle brought you to me.
That bangle belonged to my mother, Aisha.
KAMALA: Do you know what happened
to our great grandma? Aisha?
The one who disappeared during Partition?
That woman brought shame
on our entire family.
Aisha was from another dimension,
and so are we.
What we're most commonly known as
is Djinn.
-I'm a Djinn.
-And tonic?
(GROANS)
YUSUF: The Djinn?
"Supernatural beings
of pre-Islamic folklore."
"Some call them genies. Others, demons."
NAJMA: It was Aisha's wish
to bring us all home.
So you want my bangle?
Apparently it might be dangerous
if we don't do it right.
Of course it's dangerous.
Why wouldn't it be?
(FESTIVE MUSIC PLAYING)
KAMRAN: You're in danger,
and so is your entire family.
-I've come here to warn you.
-I'll distract them.
Why are you doing this?
You said you would protect me.
Why should I protect those who betray me?
SANA: Did you see the train, beta?
-How did you know about that?
-Because I saw it too.
You have to come to Karachi.
Kamala. Oh.
-Munee.
-Hi, Mommy.
This is my ammi, Aisha.
What I could remember of her, at least.
WALEED: Your great-grandmother's story
is of legend.
We have much to discuss.
Every Pakistani family
has a Partition story.
Back then, there was no Pakistan.
It was all one big country, India.
During the Partition, Muneeba's family
had to get on to the last train
that was getting out of the city.
SANA: I somehow got separated
from my father.
Until a trail of stars appeared.
BOTH: She followed a trail of stars...
Right back to her father.
Nani, is it the same train?
That train from that night.
SANA: The bangle is trying
to tell you something, beta.
-Do you know what it says?
-It says, "What you seek is seeking you."
(TRAIN WHISTLE BLOWING)
(PEOPLE CLAMORING)
-Sana!
-YOUNG SANA: Ammi?
Ammi? Abbu! Ammi!
-KAMALA: Sana. Hey, sweetie.
-(CRYING)
HASAN: Sana!
(GROANS SOFTLY)
Sana!
Oh.
It was me.
(TRAIN WHISTLE BLOWING)
YUSUF: Kamala, we are all in awe of you.
But, beta, just because you can do
all these amazing things
doesn't mean that you'll go
looking for trouble, right?
Abbu, I don't think you raised me to sit
by and do nothing when I can help people.
ALL: Whoa.
(GASPS)
(GROANS)
Oh, no, no, no.